# Meetings notes

## Meeting 1.
* **DATE: 15.2.2021**
* **ASSISTANTS: Marta Cortes Orduna**

### Minutes
Overall deadline 1 return was good but main concepts need to be clarified a bit. Some entities could be changed to be properties of movies and series and the diagram had things that did not belong there. Relationships of the concepts also need to be better defined and structured.

### Action points
Change actor from entity to property of a movie/series.  
Structure items under genres.  
Movies under movie list and series under series list.  
Delete client from the diagram and change relationships to represent the new structure.  


### Comments from staff
*ONLY USED BY COURSE STAFF: Additional comments from the course staff*

## Meeting 2.
* **DATE: 26.2.2021**
* **ASSISTANTS: Marta Cortes Orduna**

### Minutes
We went through models we had created and small improvements to them. Tests was the main point of the meeting and we went through how we should improve those.

### Action points
Tests for model modification  
Test for deleting genre  
Test for foreign key violation of movie/series genre  
More verbious description of test results


### Comments from staff
*ONLY USED BY COURSE STAFF: Additional comments from the course staff*

## Meeting 3.
* **DATE: 23.3.2021**
* **ASSISTANTS: Mika Oja**

### Minutes
We went through our Apiary documentation and identified some missing elements, such as namespace and controls for profiles. Adding movies and series also was recommended to move to movies by genre and series by genre for easily link the genre and item. Other changes that were discussed were removing items from genre and adding more to the REST conformance part in project wiki. 

### Action points
Create unique identifier for each movie and series (random uuid auto-generated).  
Remove items from genre.  
Rename movies-by/series-by to movies-by-genre/series-by-genre.  
Move add-movie/add-series to movies-by-genre/series-by-genre.  
Add namespace and profile controls to Apiary examples.  
Add more information to REST conformance part in wiki.  


### Comments from staff
*ONLY USED BY COURSE STAFF: Additional comments from the course staff*

## Meeting 4.
* **DATE:**
* **ASSISTANTS:**

### Minutes
*Summary of what was discussed during the meeting*

### Action points
*List here the actions points discussed with assistants*


### Comments from staff
*ONLY USED BY COURSE STAFF: Additional comments from the course staff*

## Midterm meeting
* **DATE:**
* **ASSISTANTS:**

### Minutes
*Summary of what was discussed during the meeting*

### Action points
*List here the actions points discussed with assistants*


### Comments from staff
*ONLY USED BY COURSE STAFF: Additional comments from the course staff*

## Final meeting
* **DATE:**
* **ASSISTANTS:**

### Minutes
*Summary of what was discussed during the meeting*

### Action points
*List here the actions points discussed with assistants*


### Comments from staff
*ONLY USED BY COURSE STAFF: Additional comments from the course staff*

